What is HTTP?
HTTP is Hyper Text Transfer Protocol, and is a standardized method, or "protocol" by which computers on a network (specifically, computers on the network known as the World Wide Web) communicate - client (you/me) to server.

What is a URL? 
A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is the "address" by which we find websites, which operate in a series of GET requests to a server(s).

What is DNS?
DNS, or Domain Name System, is a method by which computers translate the URL into an IP address so that we as humans can communicate via out computers with the network.

What is a query string?
A query string is the final element(s) of a URL and represents any specific search terms in a GET request: a key/value pair preceded by ?.

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET and POST! GET retrieves information from the server without altering it, whereas POST "posts" something (changes something on the server.)

What is an HTTP request?
An HTTP request is what happens when we hit "enter" on the address bar and the computer sends out communication. The sent communciation (following HTTP protocol) is a request for a server to respond with whathever we are looking for - often but not always a website.

What is an HTTP response?
This is the server communicating back to the client (me) following the HTTP protocol.

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
And HTTP header allows the client (user) computer to include more information in a request. A Request JHeader might be Host or User-Agent, Cookie, and a Response Header might be Content-Type or Set Cookie.

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
The Browser utilizes DNS to translate the URL into an IP address.
The request is checked internally (on the client computer), then sent to a router, then to other computers, and when it reaches a destination computer, that computer may in turn send the request to a database. The server computer then returns what response is available - the HTTP responses above. The Browser then builds a DOM from the HTML in the response and every element in the HTML has it's own subsequent HTTP request.

Part 2:
1. curl https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search\?term\=dog
2. dig https://icanhazdadjoke.com +short returns: 23.221.222.250
3. I'm using live server for now, I'll do the Python when we get to it in the course.